gh-87175: Port curses capi pointer array to a struct. (#24304)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.10.rst

  bugs like ``if (PyList_SET_ITEM (a, b, c) < 0) ...`` test.
  (Contributed by Zackery Spytz and Victor Stinner in :issue:`30459`.)

> * Convert the ``PyCurses_API`` capi from the pointer array to a struct and
>   remove the ``PyCurses_API_pointers`` in py_curses.h.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Convert the ``PyCurses_API`` C API (``_curses._C_API`` capsule) from a pointer array
   to a structure and remove the ``PyCurses_API_pointers`` macro.
```

Please copy the same text in the NEWS entry.

Author: OK, updated.

Author: OK, updated.
